readme.md, before:

# ZenitAI
## Description
ZenitAI is a Python library focused on providing convenient tools for machine learning tasks. For now the library is focused on binary classification tasks.

## What's inside
**The main component of the library:**
A tool for conducting WOE-analysis in classification tasks on tabular data.

It is a highly customizable class facilitating data transormation with almost no effort. Class uses standard `sklearn`-like interface for transformation

**Library also includes:**
1. some wrapper functionss allowing avoiding a considerable amount of boilerplate needed with working with `skikit-learn`.
2. a tool for managing multiple launches of machine-learning models (in early development stage)

# Installation
```pip install git+https://github.com/CEM3H/zenit-ai.git```
# Documentation
:TBD:
# Quickstart
:TBD:

# Examples
:TBD:

# Limitations
:TBD:

# TODO list
TODO:
- добавить метод to_pickle
- добавить логирование ошибок при обучении
- добавить возможность активации tqdm
- добавить юзкейсы в docstring WoeTransformera

Commit message:

add some info to readme.md

readme.md, after:

# ZenitAI
## Description
ZenitAI is a Python library focused on providing convenient tools for machine learning tasks. For now the library is focused on binary classification tasks.

## What's inside
**The main component of the library:**
A tool for conducting WOE-analysis in classification tasks on tabular data.

It is a highly customizable class facilitating data transormation with almost no effort. Class uses standard `sklearn`-like interface for transformation

**Library also includes:**
1. some wrapper functionss allowing avoiding a considerable amount of boilerplate needed with working with `skikit-learn`.
2. a tool for managing multiple launches of machine-learning models (in early development stage)

# Installation
```pip install zenitai```
# Documentation
Documentation can be found on Read the Docs
https://zenit-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
# Quickstart
:TBD:

# Examples
:TBD:

# Limitations
:TBD:

# TODO list
TODO:
- Add `to_pickle` method for WoeTransformer
- Add error logging
- Add `tqdm` integration
- Add some usecases for WoeTransformer
